Update challenger info (#1416)
ethereum-optimism/docs: pages/notices/pectra-changes.mdx

<Callout type="info">
  The following instructions assume your chain is on the latest contract release `op-contracts/v1.8.0` and has Holocene activated.
</Callout>

> All fault proof enabled chains (both permisionless and fault proof system) need to update their `op-challenger` binary to [`op-challenger/v1.3.1`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/releases/tag/op-challenger%2Fv1.3.1). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All fault proof enabled chains (both permisionless and permissioned fault proof systems) need to update their `op-challenger` binary to [`op-challenger/v1.3.1`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/releases/tag/op-challenger%2Fv1.3.1). 
```
